Hi, I'm Liz.
Welcome to the AI for trading nano degree program.
And I'm Eddie. Financial markets have always been complex and in the past few decades,
the level of complexity has grown with advances
in modern technology and the growth of available data.
But there's so much to process.
From stock prices, earnings reports,
and news articles, to social media,
the list is seemingly endless.
Is it even possible to make sense of it all?
This is where quantitative financial analysts,
or quants play an important role.
But what does a quant?
And what do quants do?
In the next video,
you'll hear from Jonathan.
A quant who has held senior roles in several major financial institutions,
and who has been instrumental in building
the nano degree program that you are now a part of.